2455    I'm making a method combining Scrum with the OpenUP lifecycle and deliverables. I also want to keep the OpenUP disciplines apart from "Project Management".  I can "hide" it so that it's not immediately obvious in my generated method site. But when you then navigate to the "Risk List" artefact for example the PM is still seen as contributing and if you click on the link you get taken to the PM Discipline page.  How can I remove it completely from my method without deleting it from the OpenUP library which I'm consuming? 
5012827 I am researching CoffeeScript on the website http://coffeescript.org/ and it has the text     The CoffeeScript compiler is itself written in CoffeeScript   How can a compiler compile itself or what does this statement mean? 
2012356 A colleague of mine states that booleans as method arguments are not acceptable. They shall be replaced by enumerations. At first I did not see any benefit but he gave me an example.  What's easier to understand?  file.writeData( data true );   Or  enum WriteMode {   Append   Overwrite };  file.writeData( data Append );   Now I got it! ;-) This is definitely an example where an enumeration as second parameter makes the code much more readable.  So what's your opinion on this topic? 
12767   The following will cause infinite recursion on the == operator overload method      Foo foo1 = null;     Foo foo2 = new Foo();     Assert.IsFalse(foo1 == foo2);      public static bool operator ==(Foo foo1 Foo foo2) {         if (foo1 == null) return foo2 == null;         return foo1.Equals(foo2);     }   How do I check for nulls? 
6367    Why are we using   for (int i = 0 ; i &lt; count ; i++){ }   Why the i?  Why not   for (int a = 0; a &lt; count; a++){ }   I do it you do it everyone does it but WHY?  *Edit  I found out an old saying about Fortran which is more funny than correct which says "god is real everything else above is an integer".  "god" would be a variable name stating with a g so it would be in the real domain while everything else above (excluding h for the joke's purpose) would be an integer.  It seems that the original saying was in fact: "God is real unless declared integer". Apologies to everyone citing me in their Ph.D thesis. 
1737    When I get a vanilla Windows system there's a bunch of stuff I change to make it more developer-friendly.  Some of it I remember every time other stuff I only do as and when.  Examples:   Show extensions of all file types Make hidden and system file visible Turn off Windows Defender   I seem to remember a blog post from Jeff on this topic but can't locate it!  What else do you do and do you have any tools that automate this process? 
36330   Computer Haiku How would you write a program To make them for you 
3834    I have the feeling that Flash-based ( or Silverlight-based) websites are generally frowned upon except when you are creating games or multimedia-content rich applications. Why this is so?
25781   We noticed that lots of bugs in our software developed in C# (or Java) cause a NullReferenceException.  Is there a reason why "null" has even been included in the language?  After all if there were no "null" I would have no bug right?  In other words what feature in the language couldn't work without null?  
51019   Although several thousand Emacs Lisp libraries exist GNU Emacs until version 24.1 did not have an (internal) package manager.  I guess that most users would agree that it is currently rather inconvenient to find install and especially keep up-to-date Emacs Lisp libraries.  Pages that make life a bit easier  For versions of Emacs older than 24.1:   Emacs Lisp List - Problem: I see dead people (links). Emacswiki - Problem: May contain traces of nuts (malicious code).